# Getting and Cleaning Data

## Peer Assessment Course Project

###Assignment Instructions: 
You should create an R script called run_analysis.R that does the following.
1. Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
2. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
3. Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
4. Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive activity names.
5. From the data set in step 4,Creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

### Repository Contents

  - `CodeBook.md` - Describes the experiment data and the steps taken to summarize the data.
  - `run_analysis.R` - R script to merge, clean-up, transform, and summarize the experiment data.
  - `merged_dataset.txt' - Merged Training and Test Dataset file generated by the `run_analysis.R` script.
  - `tidy_dataset.txt` - Tidy Dataset file generated by the `run_analysis.R` script.
  - `README.md`.
  - `UCI HAR Dataset` - Directory having experiment data.

### Getting started

  1. Read through the [CodeBook](CodeBook.md) and the [run_analysis.R](run_analysis.R) script to get a general understanding of this project, the steps taken in the analysis, and the output file.
  2. Make sure the [experiment data](https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip) is downloaded and extracted to a folder in the project directory called `UCI HAR Dataset`.
  3. Run the `run_analysis.R` script.
